Add documentation for auto generated assertions (#644)
dataform-co/dataform: content/docs/guides/assertions.md

![Assertions](/static/images/assertions.png)

> ## Auto generated assertions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Auto-generated assertions
```

(throughout please)

<div className="bp3-callout bp3-icon-info-sign" markdown="1">
  Auto generated assertions are only supported from <code>@dataform/core</code> version <code>1.4.13</code>.
</div>

> Dataform provides a convenient way to define assertions for tables, views and incremental tables as part of the `config` block of the table's SQLX file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Dataform provides a convenient way to define assertions as part of a dataset's `config` settings.
```

Here's a complete example:

`definitions/my_table.sqlx:`

```js
config {
  type: "table",
  assertions: {
    uniqueKey: ["user_id"],
    nonNull: ["user_id", "customer_id"],
    rowConditions: [
      'signup_date is null or signup_date > "2019-01-01"',
      'email like "%@%.%"'
    ]
  }
}
select ...
```

> For complete and up to date configuration options, view the [reference documentation for table assertions](/reference#ITableAssertions).

Reviewer: nit: i would rm 'up to date', it implies we don't keep docs up to date, which i guess we don't, but let's not publish that fact :P

## Unique keys

If the `uniqueKey` property is set, the resulting assertion will fail if there is more than one row in the dataset with the same values for all of the column(s).

```js
config {
  type: "table",
  assertions: {
    uniqueKey: ["user_id"]
  }
}
select ...
```

> Multiple key values can be provided.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Multiple key columns can be provided.
```

> The generated assertion will be called: `<original_table_name>_assertions_uniqueKey`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The generated assertion will be called `<original_table_name>_assertions_uniqueKey`.
```

> ## Non-null checks

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Non-nullness
```

> To quickly enforce that a set of columns are never null, provide an array of the column names with the `nonNull` property:

Reviewer: 'enforce' sounds odd to me as it doesn't really enforce this; once the assertion runs the data is already broken - I would reword something along the lines of `If specific dataset column(s) should never be null, provide an array ...`

```js
config {
  type: "table",
  assertions: {
    nonNull: ["user_id", "customer_id", "email"]
  }
}
select ...
```

> The generated assertion will be called: `<original_table_name>_assertions_rowConditions`, as this is just a shorthand for custom row conditions (see below).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The generated assertion will be called `<original_table_name>_assertions_rowConditions`, because `nonNull` is just shorthand for custom row conditions (see below).
```

> The generated assertion will be called: `<original_table_name>_assertions_rowConditions`, as this is just a shorthand for custom row conditions (see below).

Reviewer: s/table/dataset/

throughout, please

## Custom row conditions

> For assertions that require custom logic to be evaluated against rows, use the `rowConditions` property. Each row condition should be a SQL expression that is expected to evaluate to `true` if the assertion passes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For assertions that require custom logic to be evaluated against rows, use the `rowConditions` property. Each row condition should be a SQL expression that is expected to evaluate to `true` if the assertion should pass.
```

```js
config {
  type: "table",
  assertions: {
    rowConditions: [
      'signup_date is null or signup_date > "2019-01-01"',
      'email like "%@%.%"'
    ]
  }
}
select ...
```

> Each row will be evaluated against the given conditions, and all rows must pass all checks for the assertion to pass.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each row will be evaluated against each condition, and all rows must pass all conditions for the assertion to pass.
```

The generated assertion will be called: `<original_table_name>_assertions_rowConditions`.

## Manual assertions

Assertions can also be defined manually for more advanced use cases, or for testing tables that aren't created by Dataform.

> ## Null checks (manual)

Reviewer: these '(manual)' bits read oddly to me, I'd remove them, up to you.
